# Phase-Cohesive Solutions of the LosslessPower Flow Equations: Existence Conditions and DC Approximation Error Bounds

This code accompanies the publication that is available as a preprint at [TechRxiv](https://doi.org/10.36227/techrxiv.174611978.89382822/v1), which is currently under review.

## Installation

The code was developed using Python and suitable conda environment can be setup using the `conda_env.yml`.

```shell
    conda env create --file conda_env.yml -p <path_to_put_conda_env>
```

## Overview
All figures and results can be generated by using the [demo.ipynb](./demo.ipynb) JupyterNotebook.

While most of the code can be run in a few minutes (approx. 7 minutes), the more time intensive simulations where run before and you can find the results in the folder [data_for_plots](./data_for_plots/).
If you want to generate the data yourself, you can execute the cells in [demo.ipynb](./demo.ipynb) that are decorated with `%%script false --no-raise-error` and thus do not run automatically when all cells are run.

The scripts found in [core](./core/) contain the code used by the JupyterNotebook:

- [model.py](./core/model.py): Model definitions and numerical solvers for power-flow–based phase dynamics.
- [analysis.py](./core/analysis.py): This module implements all quantities derived from the model. The functions here use solutions produced by the model routine and encode the theoretical results used for validation and comparison.
- [experiments.py](./core/experiments.py): This module collects routines that combine model construction and analytical tools to reproduce
the numerical experiments presented in the paper.

